
Copyright (c) 2017, HHMI-Janelia Research Campus All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, 
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
  
* Neither the name HHMI-Janelia Research Campus nor the
  names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
  derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL HHMI-JANELIA RESEARCH CAMPUS BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR 
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER 
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, 
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE 
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------


"shape_tools.h" and "utility.h" will only work if the Eigen library is available. Please use:
Eigen 3.1.1: http://eigen.tuxfamily.org

for downloads and usage.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Important: "utility.h": You have to modify the first two lines to include the path to your Eigen code library.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Modification of shp_shell class to use morphogen gradient-based determination of local preferred curvature:
Modify the method "update_scalar_fields" lines --> comment out lines 2201 to 2235 and uncomment lines 2245 to 2253.


General information:

"shape_tools.h" defines the following classes:
spherical_mesh
sh_basis
shp_surface
shp_shell

----------- to use these classes just "include" the file "shape_tools.h" in your application code.
All function definitions are inline, so there is no need to link other files.
